Little Weiwei, right?
What's the matter?
I really don't understand
How could a nurse find someone like you?
If you don't know, just ask him if he bothers me.
I'll tell you what.
Don't think you're stingy
You can make Gu Shao fall in love with you
He's just looking for something new
Ah first
Don't think of everyone as living like you
Second, you'd better say goodbye
Tell him to stop pestering me in the future
Small gray
How dare you hit me
Hit you what's wrong
Do you still want to choose an auspicious day?
The previous me may have endured
I don't want to mess with you at all in the future
Don't blame me for being rude
Let go of me!
What are you doing?